In this lecture, we are going to begin handling the selection.
Users can select an image, however, the image never gets displayed on the block.
Let's change that in your editor.
Open the index JS file for the team member block.
Scroll to the media placeholder component.
The function passed into the on select event is responsible for handling new uploads.
We are given the image as an argument during this event.
Let's update our attributes.
I've already structured the set attributes function for you.
We can immediately begin updating the attributes.
Call the set attributes function.
We are going to modify three attributes.
The first attribute is called Image ID.
WordPress creates a database record for each media file uploaded to the server.
Like most database records, an ID is assigned to the file.
I highly recommend storing the ID.
We are going to give the user the option of changing the image.
If the media interface is opened again, the current image should be selected by default.
None of the images are selected.
We can select an image by its ID.
Storing this information is going to be helpful in the future.
The ID of the image can be found in the image dot ID property.
Next, let's modify the image.
Alt attributes for accessibility and alt attributes should be applied to our images.
We can grab the description of a media file by accessing the image alt property.
Lastly, let's update the image URL property to the images sciences team member URL property.
The URL for a specific size can be found from the respective object in these sizes property.
Now that we have this information in our attributes, we can start displaying this information above
the media placeholder component.
We have an image tag.
Let's bind the source attribute to the image URL attribute.
Once again, I've taken the time to structure the attributes for you with the starter code.
You do not need to structure them.
Next, let's bind the alt attribute to the image alt attributes.
We're almost finished.
I don't want to initially render the image tag.
This is because we do not have an image to render.
The image element will be empty white space.
I think it would be a good idea to conditionally render this element above the image tag.
Add an expression.
For the condition.
Let's check the image URL attributes.
Next, let's add the and operator after this operator move the image element into the expression.
The media placeholder component should disappear after an image has been selected.
We can use the same situation as before.
However, the media placeholder component has a property for toggling the components appearance.
I think we should use this property.
It'll be easier to read our code on the media placeholder component at a property called Disable Media
Buttons.
The value for this property should be a boolean value.
If the boolean value is true, the component is hidden.
Let's set this property to the image URL attributes.
Technically this attribute is not a boolean value.
However, JavaScript will convert it into a boolean value if a string is empty.
The value is evaluated as false.
If a string has one or more characters, the value is evaluated to true.
Let's try testing our code in the browser.
Let's edit the experimental page.
Next, add the team members group component.
By default, the image tag is hidden.
Let's try uploading an image.
After doing so, the image appears, but the media placeholder component is hidden.
That's perfect.
It's exactly what we wanted.
We've successfully added an option for uploading an image for a team member.
In the next set of lectures, we are going to refine our solution.